{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11800\viewh8500\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 cheap heat\
\
knob1 CV_1 HAZE effect- tape hysteresis, distortion, softclipping, noise\
knob2 CV_2 WOW slow pitch modulation\
knob3 CV_3 FLUTTER faster stereo pitch modulation\
knob4 CV_4 tape or vinyl noise\
\
\
button B7: cycle through 3 pairs of tape and vinyl noise\
toggle B8 up = high pass filter\
\
LED C1 - avg input rms (left channel)\
CV_1 out C10 - dusty noise CV\
\
\
gate 1 out n/a\
gate 2 out n/a\
gate 1 in cycle through 3 pairs of tape and vinyl noise (same as B7)\
gate 2 in n/a\
\
CV_5 +/- to haze effect depth\
CV_6 +/- to wow depth\
CV_7 +/- to flutter depth \
CV_8 +/- adds dropouts, tape crinkle inconsistancies\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
HAZE is tape hysteresis, high end roll off, tanh softclipping, and anything else that helps the sound feel euphonic. This is a stereo effect (channel dependant)\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
WOW is slower pitch modulation, a triangle wave LFO with some randomness to it. Lef at Right channels get same modulation but 90 degrees out of phase.\
\
FLUTTER is a mix of faster pitch warble with a touch of noise in the LFO, and occaisonal random dips in volume similar to dropouts caused by crinkled tape. This is a stereo effect (differences in the LFO\'92s and effects on each channel)\
\
DROPOUTS is a totally different effect block, only available with positive voltage at CV_8. I wish we had more knobs, but a static fader will do the trick. \
\
Tape or Vinyl noise adds in loops of either tape noise or vinyl crackling. CCW from noon TAPE gets louder. CW from noon VINYL gets louder. At noon, no noise is added. These are stereo audio loops whose volumes are controled by the knob and CV input. There are three pairs of these noises that I made, which can be cycled through manually with button B7 or gate in 1.}